Lessons Learned From this Project LLM-FanOut-FanIn

Reasons for the Project
With my old prompt.md file
Sonnet would run the sub-prompts concurrently without explictly stating it
Haiku would usually not.

This runs the independant research concurrently!  
Sections 2-6 below are independent research tasks (weather, lunar data, religious calendar, news).
 Gather them concurrently: issue all the needed searches/tool calls for these sections together in a batch rather than one at a time, then compose 
 and print the sections in order once their data is ready. Use horizontal rules (---) to separate sections.


1. Permissions
   We are so used to the desktop gui or the code terminal gui asking what to do.

2. Haiku output
   Seemed different between Windows and Linux
   I do not like the windows format but it is usuable
   I could work on the prompt
   I do like the more readable style

3. Sonnet output  
   Very serious Professional output

4. I like having all three tools up
   claude-desktop 
   vscode
   a terminal to run commands

5. Old output  
   Keeping it for now
   I suspect it will need to be pruned

6. The Presentations and the png were done in claude 
   I wrote a Linked In post and asked claude sonnet to create some .html
      html does not load to linked in.
      png loads to linked in  It was too blurry   
      pdf loads to linked in and worked

7. Many iternations
    What does it look like in both models
    does the fan in and fan out work  
    used the gui and also claude code
    Really nice to see the fan in and fan out

8.  The prompt needs fixing on windows to make the haiku page look better
    It looks good enough.

9.  ftp put works differently from windows and linux
    I removed the ftp put from the prompt

10. I did not want to use claude schedule.
    On Linux I used a cronjob
    On Windows I didn't bother.

11. The prompt worked fine on Claude and ChatGPT

12. Fronteer Models vs Local LLM  
    We count more and more on the installed tools
    An LLM usually doesn't do api calls or scrape web pages.

13. Claude Co-work runs in a vm
    Claude code runs natively

14. On Linux and Windows my pattern begain to be
    1. claude code to run 
    2. VS code to edit
    3. gui to ask questions either from Claude or ChatGPT
    
15. I did run out of tokens using sonnet and haiku for a 6 hr session.



